c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStoreForASPMVC5\SportStoreForASPMVC.Domain\bin\Debug\SportStoreForASPMVC.Domain.dll
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStoreForASPMVC5\SportStoreForASPMVC.Domain\bin\Debug\SportStoreForASPMVC.Domain.pdb
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStoreForASPMVC5\SportStoreForASPMVC.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStoreForASPMVC5\SportStoreForASPMVC.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStoreForASPMVC5\SportStoreForASPMVC.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStoreForASPMVC5\SportStoreForASPMVC.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStoreForASPMVC5\SportStoreForASPMVC.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStoreForASPMVC5\SportStoreForASPMVC.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStoreForASPMVC5\SportStoreForASPMVC.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStoreForASPMVC5\SportStoreForASPMVC.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStoreForASPMVC5\SportStoreForASPMVC.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStoreForASPMVC5\SportStoreForASPMVC.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStoreForASPMVC5\SportStoreForASPMVC.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStoreForASPMVC5\SportStoreForASPMVC.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStoreForASPMVC5\SportStoreForASPMVC.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStoreForASPMVC5\SportStoreForASPMVC.Domain\obj\Debug\SportStoreForASPMVC.Domain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStoreForASPMVC5\SportStoreForASPMVC.Domain\obj\Debug\SportStoreForASPMVC.Domain.dll
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStoreForASPMVC5\SportStoreForASPMVC.Domain\obj\Debug\SportStoreForASPMVC.Domain.pdb
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStoreForASPMVC5\SportStoreForASPMVC.Domain\bin\Debug\SportStoreForASPMVC.Domain.dll.config
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStoreForASPMVC5\SportStoreForASPMVC.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStoreForASPMVC5\SportStoreForASPMVC.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStoreForASPMVC5\SportStoreForASPMVC.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\сергей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportStoreForASPMVC5\SportStoreForASPMVC.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Сергей\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SportStoreForASPMVC5\SportStoreForASPMVC.Domain\bin\Debug\ProducsSport.mdf
C:\Users\Сергей\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SportStoreForASPMVC5\SportStoreForASPMVC.Domain\bin\Debug\ProducsSport_log.ldf
